Shoni and bj there are two yearling
elephant seals that have both been here
for some time
it might be pretty tricky they're both
pretty big especially shoshone she's
about 93 kilograms now and might be
quite a handful actually okay pretty
strong and they look this eating right
cuz it's lucky and and then all of a
sudden you might see on your screen even
though these two are just youngsters
they're still capable of causing serious
injury because I'm worried
okay Steve the best thing to do is so I
get him on the run
yeah okay she's moving away from you
that's the time I put the towel on the
back of her head and go right okay and
if you're going for it yeah go go or it
yeah yeah no problem
okay armed with only a towel the
prospect of wrestling almost 90 kilos of
biting blubber is worried especially
when it has razor-sharp teeth trying to
take blood from a wriggling lump blubber
is not easiest job in the world
tim is still sorry you're in the right
spot
oh oh there you're right in it beautiful
job
yeah she just took my eye out with the
needle I'm really impressed with Steve's
effort and feeling even more nerves now
it's showing me their little bull
fighting over so come behind look over
the top of the head yeah wrap and that's
literally jump on top yeah dropping
either side of the head you've got it
you've got to be really really confident
you know what you want to do true do you
want to get her when she's on the run
like now there there you go she's worth
or we can just do it right there that's
fine - good job Jordan the blood sample
will not only tell us if Shoshone and BJ
are fit to be released but will also be
used as part of a research project
trying to find ways to boost immunity to
viruses that threaten seals in the wild
okay we're coming off true we need to
sneak off this way stick
Oh
it's easy don't look at me like that
can I can I know I gotta believe it's
big black eyes again